# coding-events

As per the exercise requirements, I will address the question in three parts:

1) The Person class is different from the other Event and Event Category classes we've seen thus far.  As a political philosopher, it is a little strange discussing persons and class in this way, but here we are.  The purpose of the app would be to view the individual account name as well as the events they have either signed up for or attended.  It's key to mention the difference between the Person class and the PERSON it is referring to.  All private data will only be known to the account holder and the system; no other viewers of the information can exist (aside from admins of course).  From now on, any reference to the "person" will be restricted to the searchable and publicly available account data.  Ideally, this would allow you to see who is in what social circles or events to search for common interests.

2) As of now, the app does not have a person class, it simply has the capacity to catalogue and describe the events in question (and even then, no location or attendance numbers or requirements are included).

3) The person class would have to be different from the other classes because it's a separate operation from events.  There would have to be defined a many to many relationship between the events and each person not unlike the defined tag relationships.  While I think that the persons would be a key component for the application, the real "star" of the show are the events, so, much like the tags, the person class would be an attachment on to the event.  As I'm all about protection of personal data, the class would consist of the name (chosen screen name, not the person's actual name), password (private, non-viewable), contact E-Mail address, and list of attended or scheduled events.  Each of the events would have to have some kind of a hyperlink to go directly to their page describing them, their tags, etc.  I am not a front-end designer, so lines of text are perfectly fine with me for any design question.
